# Meeting for 9/21/22 
All members present
## Post instructor meeting Discussions of Part 1 meeting performed via discord
refinement of understanding of pespective of project
josh proposed backing off of autotype, but to expand the scope to password usage, credential filling, using passwords from the vault
Mitchell and Daniel discussed details of the scope of their usecase the group discusses definitions of in/out of scope ideas in the usecase 
Aaron moves away from haveIbeenpwned and rescopes into 2fa for access to 
josh and aaron push for rewriting the usecases away from specifics and into more general usecases
mitchell pushes for retaining a certain level of specificity in software features definition
discussion of if secure writing and syncing of password is in scope
- Use Credentials-josh
- Export / Backup Database-mitchell
- Share Passwords within Organization-Daniel
- Authenticate to Application-niel
- Password Generator-aaron
