# Meeting foor 9/25/22
Neil has scheduling conflicts, joins later.
## Discussion of individual components of part 1, merging and completion of part 2
Group review of Aaron's misuse case diagram.
Group review of Josh's misuse case diagram and writing section.
Review and rename of the formatting on github.
Group review of Mitchell's misuse case diagram and writing section.
Group review of Neil's misuse case diagram and writing section.
Completion of full review of changes and pull request of Mitchell's changes into main
Completion of full review of changes and pull request of Aaron's changes into main
