# Meeting for 10/5/22
Neil absent, all other members present 
## post-instructor meeting for discussions of part 1

Aaron and Josh discuss whether or no to merge assurance cases 2: Credential Storage and 3: Credential Confidentiality. all members chime in to add multiple items to assurance case 3: credential confidentiality, the cases are kept as separate assurance cases.

Mitchell discusses assurance case 4, Communication disclosure, members discuss multiple additions to the assurance case.

Dani and Aaron will continue work

next meeting set for Sunday, Oct. 9th, 6PM
### conclusion of meeting. 